docs: Application Info field documentation (#10814) (#13351)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/user-guide/extra_info.md

> # Add extra Application info

Reviewer: Can you.add this page to the mkdocs.yml table of contents?

Author: Done!

You can add additional information to an Application on your ArgoCD dashboard.
If you wish to add clickable links, see [Add external URL](https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/user-guide/external-url/). 

This is done by providing the 'info' field a key-value in your Application manifest.

Example:
```yaml
project: argo-demo
source:
  repoURL: 'https://demo'
  path: argo-demo
destination:
  server: https://demo
  namespace: argo-demo
info:
  - name: Example:
    value: >-
      https://example.com
```
![External link](../assets/extra_info-1.png)

The additional information will be visible on the ArgoCD Application details page.

![External link](../assets/extra_info.png)

> ![External link](../assets/extra_info-2.png)

Reviewer: Would you mind adding alt text?

Author: ```suggestion
![Manifest example](../assets/extra_info-1.png)

The additional information will be visible on the ArgoCD Application details page.

![App details button](../assets/extra_info.png)

![App details info result](../assets/extra_info-2.png)
```

Is this what you meant by alt text?
